Create API reference for Chain Connector Plugin - Closes 1883 (#1920)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/api/plugin-rpc-api/chain-connector-api.adoc

----

--
cURL::
+
--
[source,bash]
----
curl --location 'http://127.0.0.1:7887/rpc' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data '{
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "id": "1",
    "method": "chainConnector_getValidatorsInfoFromPreimage",
    "params": {}
}'
----
--
=====

.Response
[%collapsible]
====
.Example output
[source,json]
----
[
    {
        "certificateThreshold": "1",
        "validators": [
            {
                "address": "",
                "bftWeight": "1",
                "blsKey": "811e8df1a063f94ad7746350f50956f89397a60c070b80d8c12337c0fc4f40e34635ad55c552324911b0b14c9b07c725"
            }
        ],
        "validatorsHash": "f626be7093592d81cde5bbae150a67db52619e0fd193ee61aebe847c45dd557e"
    }
]
----
====

== `chainConnector_authorize`
Allows authorization of the Chain Connector plugin on a node.

.Request
[tabs]
=====
Specification::
+
--
.Parameters
[cols="1,1,4,4",options="header",stripes="hover"]
|===
|Name
|Type
|Description
|Sample

|`password`
|string
|Password used to create the `encryptedPrivateKey` mentioned in the Chain Connector plugin's configuration.
|lisk

|`enable`
|boolean

> |Boolean flag that tells whether or not to authorize the Chain Connector plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|A Boolean flag that indicates whether or not to authorize the Chain Connector plugin.
```
